[vercel/functions] cache api `set` defaults `options.name` to the provided `key` (#16293)
vercel/vercel: .changeset/mighty-lobsters-call.md

---
'@vercel/functions': minor
---

> default cache api entry name to the provided key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getCache().set()` now defaults `options.name` to the provided `key` when omitted, so cache entries get a human-readable label in o11y by default. Pass `name: ''` to suppress the `X-Vercel-Cache-Item-Name` header.
```

> `getCache().set()` now defaults `options.name` to the provided `key` when omitted, so cache entries get a human-readable label in o11y by default. Pass `name: ''` to suppress the `X-Vercel-Cache-Item-Name` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getCache().set()` now defaults `options.name` to the provided `key` when omitted, so cache entries get a human-readable label in o11y by default. Pass `name: ''` to suppress this behavior and use the hashed key.
```
